We've infiltrated the Fukuma Denjo Hotel to steal a viral remedy from an unidentified bad guy.
We have one hour.
If we don't make it in time, they'll all die!
You seem pretty average for a pro, huh?
Breaking glass, busting skulls?
I can do that much.
But if your opening move is to call in reinforcements,
I guess that means you're too scared to take on a junior-high kid alone.
Very well-eth.
Let's see what you can do-eth.
If you insist...
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode Karma Time 2nd Period
Too soft-eth. You'll have to find-eth a better weapon.
Don't need one.
Grip strength capable of crushing skulls...
Once he gets his hands on me, it's game over.
On first glance, this seems like an unwinnable game,
but just switch our positions around,
and it's no different from the unwinnable game we always play.
Wow... He's dodging or blocking every blow!
That's your defense technique, right, Karasuma-sensei?
Self-defense is low priority for assassins,
so while I don't remember teaching it in class,
he must have picked it up by watching me dodge their knives.
Akabane Karma... Even in this E Class,
his talent for fighting is head and shoulders above the rest.
I can dodge him... but if I move in to attack, he'll grab me.
What's wrong-eth?
You'll never get past me if you don't attack-eth!
You think?
I mean, I could be doing my best to distract you
while the rest of us slip past, a few at a time.
But relax.
No underhanded shenanigans here.
Now... it's my turn.
Barehanded, like you.
We'll settle this fair and square, man to man.
I like-eth that face of yours, young warrior.
With you, I've got a chance—
a chance to have-eth the kind of fair fight I can't experience in the world of assassins.
Now's my chance!
It's over-eth.
That gas!
I'm not fond-eth of drawn-out fights.
So I thought I'd give-eth Smog's paralyzing gas a try.
That's dirty!
Ain't nothin' fair about sneakin' that into the fight!
I never said that I only fight-eth bare-handed.
One mustn't get-eth too particular about one's hangups.
That's another key to sticking around-eth in this business.
A spray of gas at point-blank range-eth...
You'll never defend-eth against it if you don't see it com—
Wh-What have you... hm... Wow, what a coincidence!
Great minds think alike, huh?
How.... did you... get-eth... that...
And how... did you avoid-eth... breathing my gas...
Eth-eth-eth-eth-eth-eth-eth!
C'mon, Terasaka, make it snappy!
We'll need duct tape and sheer numbers to beat this monster!
Yeah, I'm on it.
That promise of a barehanded one-on-one fight?
It was bullshit from the word go!
Careful taping him up.
With his superhuman strength,
you've got to be cautious even when he's paralyzed.
Yes, sir.
Eth-eth-eth-eth-eth-eth-eth-eth...
I nicked an unused cartridge from that poisoner guy.
Pretty handy. Shame they're one use only.
How-eth... did you see-eth my gas attack coming?
Is that why you didn't breathe-eth any in?
All I showed-eth you were my bare hands... So how-eth?
Do I really need to say?
I was on guard against everything but bare hands.
Hm... I'm sure you really did want a barehanded bout...
but you would have had to stop us by any means necessary,
and if I were you, I would've done the same.
I had faith you'd fight like a true pro...
and that's why I was on guard.
Oh, I get it!
Karma-kun's changed... for the better.
He had never known true defeat,
but those final exams taught him all too well:
Losers are people just like you who have their own lives, their own thoughts, and their own worries.
Once you realize that, you inevitably find
that you can no longer make light of your opponent on the battlefield.
You see that your foe has their own motivations. That they're trying just as hard as you.
And you come to see their abilities. Their circumstances.
Someone who can be respectfully wary of their opponent...
leaves no openings on the battlefield.
You grew so much from that one defeat.
You'll make a name for yourself someday.
Seems you're a force to be reckoned-eth with, young warrior.
I may have lost, but I enjoyed our time toget—
What are you talking about?
The fun's just beginning!
Eth?
What the hell-eth is that?
Wasabi and mustard. I'm gonna put them up your nostrils.
What-eth?!
I'd been on guard around you all this time,
but now that you're tied up, what's the point?
Eth?
Once these are in, I'll plug your nose with a special clip,
stuff your mouth with ghost peppers—a thousand times hotter than average chilis—
Be Prepared Be Prepared Be Prepared Be Prepared
Be Prepared and then I'll gag you. Done and done!
Be Prepared Be Prepared Be Prepared
Now, my friend-eth...
It's time to show-eth me your willpower as a pro.
Korosensei...
Karma-kun hasn't really changed all that much, has he?
No, he hasn't. I'm a little worried about his future.
What the hell did you bring with you, anyway?
Hey, let's get goin'. If we keep draggin' our feet, they'll find us.
They'll find you, you big hulk.
Aw, shut it!
Okay, everyone, the terrace is upstairs.
The bar floor. Could be tricky.
Yes.
Fukuma Denjo Hotel Fukuma Denjo Hotel Current Location
Current Location Display Route Display Route
You Are Here You Are Here
m 1170 387 l 1405.5 387 1405.5 480 1170 480
There's a stairway to the VIP floor inside a lounge here.
The back entrance is locked,
so we'll have to come in through the lounge to unlock it.
Now we're flying by the seat of our pants.
We really stand out, though.
Let's have the guys hide here.
We'll sneak into the lounge and unlock the back entrance.
We girls won't look suspicious alone in a place like this.
No. You girls would be in too much danger on your own.
Oh! In that case...
Huh?
What beautiful stars!
Right?
All thanks to the CEO.
You bet!
My folks' connections got me a room here.
Got my share of playmates—all with an eye on the family riches.
Lame. What a lame-ass summer vacation.
C'mon, be a man! Now get in front and protect us, Nagisa-kun!
I can't! I can't be out in front!
Give it up!
Go on!
Why me?
We'd like a guy around, but in places like this, they check guys real carefully.
Yeah, but even so—
It's all part of the plan!
Really?
Yes, really!
Not you too!
You're acting too normal. It's not fresh enough.
But that's not what I'm looking for!
Where did you find these clothes, anyway?
Someone left them next to the outdoor pool.
There's a nice one. I totally dig her awkwardness.
Ugh! Let's get out of this filthy place ASAP!
At least you seem to be enjoying yourself, Fuwa-san.
Hey!
Where'd you come from?
How about a drink? Anything you like—
it's on me!
Go ahead, Nagisa! Keep him company!
Huh? But, Kataoka-san...
We have to act normal, remember?
We'll come get you if anything happens.
How did it come to this?
Oh, so you're Nagisa-chan! I'm Yuuji.
Okay! Now's our chance!
Let's see, the staircase to go up...
It's got to be this way, right?
Hey, ladies.
On your own?
How's about hangin' with us tonight?
Oh, hell. Will it never end?
Look, let me tell you something... Yada-san?
We'd love to hang out with cool guys like you,
but we're here with our daddies today.
And my daddy's kinda scary.
So let's not.
A-A yakuza emblem!
And it's the infamous tiny-but-terrifyin' Shuuei Syndicate!
I asked real nice and he gave this to me.
Maybe I'll pin it on my schoolbag!
Sorry about that!
Wimps. It obviously wasn't mine.
That was amazing, Yada-san!
C'mon, drink up! I'm paying!
We're gonna kick it tonight!
O-Oh, I'm more of a soda gu—er, girl.
I've got to try to act natural until the girls reach their goal.
Um, Yuuji-kun? Are you here with your parents?
My parents?
Like they have the time!
This is just between us, but my old man, he's a famous TV personality.
You've heard of him, believe me!
He's such a big deal he can get away with anything.
He was bragging about having squeezed this woman announcer's ass for 24 hours straight.
Does your dad have some kind of grudge against asses or something?
Dammit! You idiot, Yuuji!
Can't you hit on someone without leaning on the old man for once?
Uber-lame... That's... not a regular cigarette, is it?
It's more dangerous than that.
Yeah. I just got into it.
At my age, if you know about these, you're cool.
Our teacher said he doesn't know if smoking those will make you cool,
but it definitely makes your life harder.
Life's already hard for us men!
We gotta force ourselves to try to look cool!
And it's even worse for me 'cos I'm always getting compared to my old man!
You girls got it made.
All you have to do is pick a cool guy.
Um... yyyeah.
I think the girls in my class have a little more on their minds.
Wow, you borrowed that from Bitch-sensei?
She's something else. Yakuza, lawyer, racehorse owner...
She's got every kind of pin you could think of,
since she can use them for her work.
You're always so interested in Bitch-sensei's work, Yada-san.
Yeah... It's not like I want to seduce people, though.
It's like what Korosensei said: you gotta wield a second blade.
I'm betting her intimacy and negotiating skills
are probably your best bet out in the world.
Whoa, Yada-san. You're going to be one kickass grownup!
Even with those big boobs, I can't help but admire you!
The big-boob-hating Kayanocchi opens her heart!
Look, ladies!
We made it... but there's a lookout.
We might need a man around after all.
Yeah... Kayano-san, go get Nagisa.
Okay.
Think we can lure out that lookout and sneak past?
I'd rather not force our way through.
If we get the better of him, we'll be found out.
Nagisa!
Kayano!
Oh, um... I gotta go.
What? Already?
Bye now!
Dammit! I can't let her get away without acting my coolest!
Did you have to leave me alone like that?
Sorry! We hammered out a strategy.
Great. I can't wait to get out of these clothes.
Hey, wait up, ladies!
As a special treat, check out my signature dance moves!
Go away.
I've been doing this ever since I was a kid.
These moves always get me the girl!
Huh?
Hey, brat! Tough guy, eh?
N-No... I—
Get over here!
I didn't mean to—
This is a million-yen jacket. I demand compensation!
Your address, now!
Hinata-chan!
Add on pain and suffering, and that's three million total.
Pay up and we'll only leave you half dead!
What?! M-My father will pay! Please don't beat me up!
Excuse me, Mr. Yakuza, sir?
Yeah?
Excuse me, sir?
One of the patrons just suddenly collapsed.
You'd better get him out of harm's way and have him looked at.
Y-Yes, ma'am. Sorry for the bother.
What'd he do, overdose? Sheesh.
Now!
Back to the dance floor with you!
And don't tell anyone about this, okay?
Even when girls pull off something cool so effortlessly,
you still have to chin up and act cool yourself.
It is hard, being a guy.
Nagisa-chan...
If we meet again, keep acting cool, okay?
Though cut out the drugs and dancing if you can help it.
Here we are!
We really sent you into some dicey territory.
You weren't in any danger, were you?
Nuh-uh!
Not remotely!
Wow, you sure changed fast, Nagisa.
Yeah.
Hmm? What's wrong?
It's just...
You girls did everything this time around.
What was even the point of me being in this getup?
Comic relief, duh!
Don't you dare, Karma-kun!
No, I don't think that's it.
I'm sure it wound up helping someone.
If only you could have stayed like that.
History's full of assassins who disguised themselves as women, after all.
Don't you start too, Isogai-kun!
If you're gonna cut it off, Nagisa-kun, sooner is better.
I am not! I happen to like it!
Can we talk about this later?
Or never.
We're in our final stage of infiltration here.
Ritsu?
Yes, sir.
Up ahead is the VIP floor.
These guests don't rely solely on hotel security
but provide their own hired lookouts.
So of course there's some blocking the staircase.
They look way tough, too.
Are they more of the guys who've been threatening us?
Or are they hired muscle that has nothing to do with us?
Either way, we're gonna have to beat 'em to get by.
That's exactly right, Terasaka-kun.
And that weapon you have will do the job perfectly.
Pff! What, you got X-ray vision now, too?
You'll have to take them both down at the same time, or they'll call for help.
I got this, okay?
Hey, Kimura, see if you can lure 'em out this way some.
Who, me?
But how?
How should I know?
Here, Kimura, try this...
What gives, kid?
Huh? Any brains around here?
These guys are total muscleheads!
You slabs of pigmeat oughta quit pretending to be human.
Hey!
Get back here!
Yep, that pissed 'em off!
What's with this brat?
He's crazy fast!
Okay! Now!
Got it!
S-Stun-guns?
I bought 'em to see how electricity worked on that octopus.
Never thought I'd be usin' 'em like this!
You bought those? Weren't they expensive?
Huh? Uh, well...
I came into a little money lately, so...
These two... They look...
Nice weapon, Terasaka-kun.
But check their chests.
Huh?
Judging from the bulges there,
you ought to be able to find something even better.
R-Real guns!
And...
Chiba-kun? Hayami-san?
Those guns are for you.
Karasuma-sensei hasn't recovered enough to fire with any accuracy.
Right now, you two are the best gun-users we have.
B-But this is all so sudden.
However!
No Killing I will not permit you to kill anyone.
With your skill, you should have plenty of ways to use those to defeat someone without a scratch.
Giving us real guns?
When we couldn't even pull off our mission with airguns?
Let's be on our way, then.
From the looks of things at this hotel,
there's no sign the enemy has set up camp in any great numbers.
They're probably down to one or two hired killers—at most.
Yeah! So let's go murdalize the rest!
Okay, team: we'll have to use the VIP-only emergency stairs to reach the next floor up.
And to do that, we'll have to go through the concert hall on the 8th floor.
This is starting to leave a bad taste in my mouth.
I was charged with killing some super-creature,
so how'd I get stuck going to meet a bunch of kids?
Revolting.
Sure enough, the only thing tasty around here...
is my gun.
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Nagisa-kun, humans have chromosomes called X and Y.
X and Y make you a male, while two X's make you a female.
A child gets an X from their mother and either an X or a Y from their father.
In other words, the child's sex depends on what they get from their father.
Episode XX Time
Next time on Assassination Classroom: XX Time.